Improve docs on building ILVerify (#111851)
dotnet/runtime: src/coreclr/tools/ILVerify/README.md

General instructions to build this library can be found [here](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/blob/main/docs/workflow/testing/coreclr/testing.md).

As quick snippet which should be enough to build CoreCLR
```
./build.cmd -s clr+libs -c release
```

> As the test project is marked with priority=1, simply building the test projects from the root of the project is not enough. For the initial build of priority=1 in release mode, run the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the test project is marked with priority=1, simply building the test projects from the root of the project is not enough. Run the following to build ilverify tests:
```

```shell
src/tests/build.(cmd/sh) release tree ilverify
```

It is important to not attempt to build the test project using `dotnet build` or `dotnet test`, as this will invalidate the state of the build and requires a full rebuild of both (see this [issue](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/issues/43967)).

To incrementally build the ILVerify tests in isolation, run the following:

```sh
dotnet.(cmd/sh) msbuild ./src/tests/ilverify/ILVerificationTests.csproj /p:Configuration=Release
```

In order to run the tests, execute:

on Linux
```sh

> artifacts/tests/coreclr//linux.x64.Release/ilverify/ILVerificationTests.sh -coreroot=<repo_root>artifacts/tests/coreclr/linux.x64.Release/Tests/Core_Root

Reviewer: ```suggestion
artifacts/tests/coreclr/linux.x64.Release/ilverify/ILVerificationTests.sh -coreroot=<repo_root>artifacts/tests/coreclr/linux.x64.Release/Tests/Core_Root
```

```
on Windows
```shell

> artifacts\tests\coreclr/windows.x64.Release/ilverify/ILVerificationTests.cmd -coreroot=<repo_root>artifacts\tests\coreclr\windows.x64.Release\Tests\Core_Root

Reviewer: ```suggestion
artifacts\tests\coreclr\windows.x64.Release\ilverify\ILVerificationTests.cmd -coreroot=<repo_root>artifacts\tests\coreclr\windows.x64.Release\Tests\Core_Root
```

General instructions to build this library can be found [here](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/blob/main/docs/workflow/testing/coreclr/testing.md).

As quick snippet which should be enough to build CoreCLR
```

> ./build.cmd -s clr.native+clr.corelib+clr.tools+clr.nativecorelib+libs -c release

Reviewer: Is this significantly better than just `-s clr+libs`?

```

As the test project is marked with priority=1, simply building the test projects from the root of the project is not enough. For the initial build of priority=1 in release mode, run the following:

```sh
src/tests/build.(cmd/sh) release -priority=1
```

> or significantly faster use only

Reviewer: The existing instructions can be deleted. I guess they were written before the test build had `tree` option.

```
src/tests/build.cmd release tree ilverify
```

It is important to not attempt to build the test project using `dotnet build` or `dotnet test`, as this will invalidate the state of the build and requires a full rebuild of both (see this [issue](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/issues/43967)).

To incrementally build the ILVerify tests in isolation, run the following:

```sh
dotnet.(cmd/sh) msbuild ./src/tests/ilverify/ILVerificationTests.csproj /p:Configuration=Release
```

In order to run the tests, execute:

on Linux
```sh

> artifacts/tests/coreclr/(windows/linux).x64.Release/ilverify/ILVerificationTests.sh -coreroot=<repo_root>artifacts/tests/coreclr/(windows/linux).x64.Release/Tests/Core_Root

Reviewer: ```suggestion
artifacts/tests/coreclr//linux.x64.Release/ilverify/ILVerificationTests.sh -coreroot=<repo_root>artifacts/tests/coreclr/linux.x64.Release/Tests/Core_Root
```

```
on Windows
```shell

> artifacts\tests\coreclr/\(windows/linux).x64.Release/ilverify/ILVerificationTests.cmd -coreroot=<repo_root>artifacts\tests\coreclr\(windows/linux).x64.Release\Tests\Core_Root

Reviewer: ```suggestion
artifacts\tests\coreclr/windows.x64.Release/ilverify/ILVerificationTests.cmd -coreroot=<repo_root>artifacts\tests\coreclr\windows.x64.Release\Tests\Core_Root
```
